[MUSIC]
>> Kevin Whinnery: Your challenge
should you choose to accept it is to
implement Google Analytics on
our current to do NBC site and
there's two basic pieces that
we can look at implementing and
the one that you should do first,
start tracking page views.
So initially, when the page is loaded,
we should track like for
the URL, we should track a page view for
the right URL and
then there's actually a router
within the application.
If I go back here, I say, if I filter for
active events or a complete or
active todo user all,
these are actually different routes
that are just happening client side.
And if you're doing a rich
JavaScript application,
you wanna track these different
routes as page view events as well.
So, what will wanna do is
have page movements fire for
all of these different routes and
even though they're just
happening in JavaScript will track
them as page views just the same.
The signing up for
Google Analytics is very easy and
it is free, and
you'll be given a tracking code
that you can use with this handy dandy
module which is universal analytics.
>> Kevin Whinnery: Where is that at?
Maybe I'll just go to NPM directly.
>> Kevin Whinnery: It is just
called Universal Analytics, I believe.
>> Kevin Whinnery: And after you sign up,
you'll be able to install this
module require in your code and
then on initialization pass in
your Google Analytics account ID.
So once you have that, you can use like
some kind of unique user identifier.
You wanna actually pass in any
personally identifying information.
But if you have a UUID for
a given user, you can use that.
Otherwise, you can just initialize
it with this tracking code.
Once you have that, you can, there is
a bit of a delay before page view data
starts showing up in Google Analytics,
but you can also start adding
some logic to track specific page
views from within your application.
And the second task,
if you get through this piece,
we'll be tracking custom events.
So for a visitor, you can fire a custom
event with a given category in
a given action or with a label and
then there's also this optional value.
And if there are events in your
application that are higher value
than others,
you can kind of configure those weights
within your event tracking as well.
I actually don't use that piece
of functionality right now, so
I wouldn't be able to tell you very much
about it, but that is a possibility.
So the Lasko challenge of the day
is going to be implementing
Google Analytics page view
tracking in our application, but
with the caveat that we only want to
do it in the production environment.
For testing, you could implement it for
the development environment as well,
but you'll want to have a way to
only enable Google Analytics in
your production environments.
So, you're not firing off events and
page views during development.